chore: fix FUSION_REFRESH_TIMEOUT language to be more explicit (#1708)
seqeralabs/docs: platform-cloud/docs/troubleshooting_and_faqs/studios_troubleshooting.md

If you have a running session with data mounted and the underlying storage is updated, the data is not resynced to the Studio session.

You can change this behavior when you [add a Studio session](../studios/add-studio) by setting the `FUSION_REFRESH_TIMEOUT` environment variable to a number of seconds (e.g., `120`). Fusion refreshes the view of the mounted data links at that interval.

:::note
Setting the environment variable _inside_ an already running Studio session by executing the command `export FUSION_REFRESH_TIMEOUT=120` won't change the behavior of the outer Fusion session. Set the environment variable in the **General config** section during Studio creation.
:::

:::warning

> Fusion has a two minute buffer prior to attempting to upload the working chunk, so the minimum safe setting for `FUSION_REFRESH_TIMEOUT` is `120`. Setting a lower value risks creation of orphaned chunks in the Studio environment which are not recoverable nor ever uploaded back to object storage. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Fusion waits two minutes before it uploads the working chunk. Always set `FUSION_REFRESH_TIMEOUT` to `120` or higher. Lower values can create orphaned chunks in the Studio environment that are never uploaded to object storage and cannot be recovered.
```
